I think I just
saw Tonya Harding.
Okay, I just want to
go over tomorrow
'cause it's a beast.
We've got winter coat
shopping in the morning,
lunch at Nerfer's
in the afternoon --
Babe, I have
plans tomorrow.
Taking off the goatee!
All: No!
Yikes.
Really?
Babe, you'll look weird
without a goatee.
After seeing this
CIA rendering of your face
with no goatee,
I agree.
Bongiorno, y'all!
Welcome to Mama Mangia's.
What can I get
y'all tonight?
I will have
the "sal-mon."
No, you won't like it.
He'll have the grilled cheese.
Babe, I want
the "sal-mon."
It's pronounced "sah" --
I say "sal-mon",
and I want it!
Give us a moment, Agatha.
Core team, huddle up.
[ Whispering indistinctly ]
Sorry, Jeff,
salmon's just not
possible for you
at this time.
I...want...sal-mon!
Okay, we should leave. Give our
apologies to Mama Mangia.
Oh don't you worry
about Mama's feelings!
She's a private
equity group.
♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪
♪ I got a feelin' that
it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ The sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ And he's shinin' a salute
to the American race ♪
♪ Oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
♪ Good -- ♪
♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪
Aah!
So what are we doing
for dinner now?
Well, we do have that
eight-pound brisket
left over
in the freezer.
We got any latkes?
Dozens.
Plus some matzoh ball soup
from Greenblatt's.
Two portions.
One for me!
I'll nosh on that!
Any dessert?
Hamentashen?
[ Yawns ]
I made blintzes yesterday.
Ooh, Jeff
loves blintzes.
I'm not hungry.
You gotta eat
something, Jeff.
Yeah, you need
your nutrients.
Nutrients are
important, Jeff.
I can make
my own decisions!
But you can't, Jeff.
Yeah, you make bad ones.
So we make
them for you.
To help you.
'Cause you're not the smartest.
This is messed up, Babe!
No, I'm done! From now on,
I'm the decider of me!
Mr. S, let me
out of the car!
Fine. But I'm only
slowing down a little.
[ Engine revs tires squeal ]
[ Siren wailing in distance ]
[ Gunshots ]
[ Dog barking ]
This place is kinda scary.
Want to buy
a million dollar bill?
Whoa, you should
keep that.
Who knows how much
it's worth!
Then just give me
all your money!
No, I'm only gonna give you
a little of my money.
Hey!
Get out of here!
Gosh, there are so many creeps
on this street now.
I'm Tracy, by the way.
I'm Jeff.
[ Scoffs ] Not that I had
any say in it.
You know, Jeff,
you impress me.
It took guts saying "no"
to that guy.
I don't ever let people tell me
what to do anymore!
Come with me.
Okay.
What is this place?
The land of opportunity.
A-K-A the Langley
Regional sales office
for the Stretcharoo Leggings
Corporation.
Eye-catching, right?
And best of all,
easy to sell.
Let me ask you all,
what are your goals?
To eat sal-mon.
Yep, beat me to it.
Salmon. Uh-huh.
Eat salmon.
And how many hours a day
would you say
you're eating
salmon right now?
-None.
-Jesus. Really?
What if I said
there was a way for you
to enjoy salmon every
day of the week.
How is that
even possible?
By selling the highest
quality leggings known to man.
And not at some
stuffy store in the mall.
From the comfort
of your own home
through direct
peer-to-peer sales.
Is this
a pyramid scheme?
Pyramid?
Maybe in its shape
and management structure
and day-to-day operations,
but no!
It's multi-level marketing.
And we're looking for hustlers
with a killer instinct.
I think that
could be me.
Hell yeah! I'm talkin' alphas
who would never,
never, ever, ever be a beta.
Did I mention we have
rewards weekends
in tropical locations like...
Cancun!
With incredible prizes
for our top salespeople!
All you got to do
is buy $5,000 of inventory
today and commit to
a recurring monthly purchase
of a product
that sells itself.
So, are you
ready to choose success?
What do you think?
Me? I'm in!
Do you have cash?
Oh, man, I should have bought
that guy's money!
I do have
this number card.
Everybody take note!
This is what an alpha
looks like.
Stop!
I made
another decision!
Yeah, you did.
I'm officially a salesman
for the Stretcharoo
Leggings Corporation.
Stretcharoo?
The pyramid scheme?
No, the multi-level
marketing scheme.
They sold me
inventory.
How much?
A whole bunch of boxes for
only like, 5,000 bucks!
-Oof.
-Five Gs?
-Ay yi yi.
-[ Laughs ]
Jeff, that was
our life savings!
That's your life savings?
You live at home.
Yeah, what's
your monthly nut?
That's not the issue!
Now come on, Jeff,
we're getting our money back!
No! I won't go!
We can get
a treat on the way.
That's more like it!
[ Engine revs, tires squeal ]
My husband gave you our life
savings, and I want it back!
Right this way.
[ Grunting ]
Step into our Angry Spouse
Holding Tank.
Someone will be
with you soon.
Better be soon!
'Cause I'm angry!
Over and over,
the same goddamn mistakes!
I could've married
Al Roker!
Had to make
his own decisions.
Ha!
They always do.
It is a good deal, though.
The leggings?
80% margins.
He's a mole,
get him out of here!
[ Grunts ]
[ Scoffs ] 80% margins.
80% margins, bitches.
I am in.
Welp, looks
like the rest of us
are gonna have to
clean up this mess.
I don't know how
you did it, Jeff,
but you stumbled ass-backwards
into the deal of the century.
We're in!
Okay, let me just roll
these D&D dice.
And now match the numbers to
the corresponding bible verse.
"As ye hear the sound
of the trumpet...
Absalom reigneth
in Hebron..."
That settles it!
I'm on board, too!
Alright.
Let's talk sales strategy.
I was thinking we could do
like a sales party,
like a Tupperware party
but with leggings?
Yes, love it.
I'm promoting you
to Executive Vice President.
Oh, we could film ourselves
in our leggings
and put it
on Instagram!
Film? People love newspapers.
Anyone else have ideas?
What if we, like,
go up to people somewhere
with our leggings and --
and ask them
if they want to buy them?
Back to
[bleep] basics!
That's what
I'm talking about!
Good job, Klaus!
Nice exchange.
Klaus and Steve are now
Executive Vice Presidents.
Incredible decision,
Mom.
I'm promoting you to
Executive Vice President!
Throw me up as an EVP, too.
What about me?
Can I be an EVP?
That would be nepotism, and
that's just bad optics, Jeff.
Are you kidding me?!
This whole thing was my idea.
Either make me the same
as you guys, or I'm out!
[ Whispering indistinctly ]
I'm afraid it's
a hard "no", Jeff.
But you can still be part
of our workforce.
No!
I'm out of here!
Come on, Babe.
Sorry, Jeff.
I'm sticking with them.
Oh, my God, dude!
That's your wife!
Dad!
What? It was crazy!
Mr. Fritz!
Glad you could
make it.
Happy to be here, Steve.
This is my wife,
Tonya Harding.
Sorry, one sec.
Stretcharoo leggings,
go for Steve.
You want how many?!
[ Whistles ]
Klaus, this guy
wants a thousand units.
A thousand units?
[ Laughs ] Okay.
I'm Klaus, by the way.
[ Groans ] Are you
buying or not, Greg?
What? I got your mail by
accident. I just walked in.
Yeah, and you didn't look
so hot doin' it.
You need a stretchier pant.
With a busy print to distract
people from all this.
Nice try, this is where I want
people's attention.
What the hell's going on?
We're drowning!
Do I have to remind everyone
how over-invested we are?
It's this friggin' crowd.
They're a bunch of dick teases.
That's why
we got to MAPA --
maintain a party
atmosphere.
Get 'em loose,
and they'll be buying.
[ Dance music playing ]
Buckle's trying to escape!
Through the kitchen,
my Yiddish queen!
[ Grunting ]
Your leggings...
they're gorgeous.
Yeah, I like
the pineapples.
Playful, yet honoring
the contours of your body...
I must have them!
I'm wearing these.
Why don't you buy a pair
from Mrs. S?
What's going on here?
Jeff's poaching our clients!
He lured Buckle in here
with his body.
I'm just sitting here!
Wow, Jeff, you're trying
to torpedo this event?
A successful event?
Screw it.
Buckle, how much
do you want to pay?
How much
were you thinking?
Sold!
Wow, Jeff.
This isn't
a game for us, Jeff.
You've awakened
a sleeping giant, Jeff.
A giant that will crush you
and be crowned
Top Seller at the Cancun
Rewards Weekend.
Boom. How ya like that,
Jeffy boy?
I like that
just fine, Mrs. S!
'Cause I'm gonna
crush you!
I'm gonna murder you
in your sleep!
Oh, like that's
so hard!
Enough!
No more talk.
We'll see you at
the rewards weekend.
Yeah, you will --
All: Rewards weekend.
♪♪
Rewards weekend.
[ Yawns ]
Aah!
♪ Y'all ready for this? ♪
Rewards weekend.
Rewards --
Aah!
[ Insects chirping ]
[ Indistinct chatter ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
It's been a record breaking
year, Stretcharoos!
And it's all because of you!
You decided to choose success!
I thank you,
my husband thanks you --
Jim, get on out here!
Let's go!
Are we ready to party,
Cancun?!
[ Cheering ]
Now hold up, before we party,
ol' Jim needs to get
a little serious, y'all.
I need to tell you a story
about someone you know.
Me.
Woman: We love you, Jim!
Married!
[ Laughter ]
Before Stretcharoo, I was in
a really toxic relationship.
With my current wife, Deborah.
We hated each other
because we hadn't made
the decision to choose success.
But then Deborah saw a basket
of tennis balls.
It was like a bolt of lightning
hit her in the face.
Our first Stretcharoos print,
the iconic "Tenniz Ballz",
was born.
[ Cheers and applause ]
And our relationship
was reborn
because we chose success.
Just as you
chose success.
Let's give it up.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Woman: We love you, Jim!
Now the fun stuff!
The food tonight is bomb,
so eat up.
Mmm-mm-mm!
And then after dinner,
we're gonna Lambada down
to the beach
for the after party.
There's gonna be a bonfire,
a s'mores cart.
An astronomer.
Oh, my God,
the astronomer!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Okay, I think
it's award time.
Top new salesperson,
let's do it!
And the winner is...
[ Indistinct chatter ]
Jeff Fischer!
[ Cheers and applause ]
What?!
Did you never consider
this possibility, Stan?
We had no sales!
Zero!
What?!
And, Klaus, you knew this?
Me?
You're the one who
set up a conference call
last week and just
kept screaming,
"The ship is sinking!"
And how about your prize?
A brand new
Brookstone Massage Chair!
Tell us, Jeff, what was
the secret to your success?
Good decisions.
Now we got one more surprise,
and it's a good'un.
Get hyped for...
Pitbull!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Dale mi gente, let's give it up
for Jiggity Jeff!
This biggity boy should be
priggity proud!
♪ It's goin' down ♪
♪ I'm yellin' timber ♪
♪ You better move ♪
♪ You better dance ♪
And, guys, Pitbull is
contractually obligated
to stick around for a half hour
of the after-party!
[ Screams ]
♪ Whoo-ooh ♪
Whoa, look at that star!
Pitbull: Wow.
Pitbull's been here for
five minutes
longer than
his contract requires.
He must be
enjoying Jeff!
Maybe he'd be enjoying us
if Stan sold some leggings!
Me?!
What about you?!
I married you because I thought
you could sell!
That's why
I married you!
Pitbull's feeding Jeff
a s'more now.
Enough!
I'm going over there
and giving him
a piece of my mind!
Hey!
Please help us, Jeff!
Things are going so bad!
Our finances
are in ruins!
Our emotions suck, too.
Stan and I are sleeping
in separate beds.
We all are!
We're sorry, Jeff.
Please guide us.
[ Whispering indistinctly ]
Okay, I'll do it.
How you liking
that telescope, Armando?
That's right,
I looked you up.
Jeff, I feel like a kid
on his first day of university.
A sponge, ready to soak up
your deep knowledge
of selling tights!
They're leggings.
Holy moly,
class is in session.
I'm just happy
we're finally a team.
Now everyone has a say.
Oh, no, no, no,
no, no, no.
We don't want a say.
You don't?
No way.
Our ideas are shit.
We want you to tell us
what to do.
Okay.
Come on, hit us
with those nuggets!
Your top sales
techniques.
I guess
always be an alpha?
Yeah.
Never, ever, ever be a beta!
Not even sometimes?
No.
What are some of the actual
things you did to sell?
Mmm, good Q, Hayley.
Some concrete examples
that could save us
from financial ruin
could be helpful.
Would you excuse me
for a sec?
I should call the bank.
They've been trying real hard
to reach me.
[ Vomits ]
What's up, bud?
What are you doing?
Upper deckin' the toilet.
What's new with you?
What's new is
I'm a fraud.
Everyone's a fraud, Jeff.
Be more specific.
I made up
all my sales, Roger!
I've been buying inventory
then writing fake receipts.
How'd you buy
so much inventory?
I robbed a bank.
Wow, impressive.
I can't make decisions
for the family,
I can't even make
decisions for myself.
I'm just gonna come clean
and tell them everything.
You could do that
and prove everyone right.
Or you could make
your lie true.
You just need one big,
good decision
to make everything right.
[ Plops ]
Ah, dangit,
I dropped my phone.
So what's it gonna be?
I'm gonna --
Don't tell me.
I don't care.
And, Jeff, don't tell anyone
about the upper decking.
It'll make my joke
less funny.
Jeff, Francine's
being a beta.
Ah!
Jeff: [ Thinking ]
One good decision.
What are you doing
with your eyes?
I'm looking for stuff.
Should we be looking
for stuff, too?
I have a ton of leggings.
I mean, you guys have a ton
of leggings to get rid of.
So I'm thinking we need
something big.
[ Triumphant music plays ]
Wait a minute.
The game!
You thinking massive
FanDuel bet?
Mr. S, can you
get some helicopters?
Sure, I still know
some guys at the CIA.
♪ Y'all ready for this? ♪
♪♪
It all comes down to this.
If Shiballski makes this kick,
the Sharks win the championship!
The ball is snapped,
the kick is up, it's...
[ Helicopter chuffing ]
...blown wide by six
cargo helicopters that appear to
be dropping what appear to be
low-quality leggings
on the heartbroken crowd!
[ Crowd booing ]
Sharks lose!
Suck it, Sharks!
Cyber Moles forever!
Now all we have to do
is wait for them
to send in their payments
with all the self-addressed
envelopes we attached!
Here's your mail.
It's just
a tree-trimming flyer.
Damn.
Actually, let me see that.
They just stole
all our leggings?
[ Horn honks ]
No one wants your
shitty leggings.
Here's a big-ass bill
for the cleanup.
[ Wails, sobs ]
[ Sobs ]
This is all my fault!
No, it's my fault!
I'm a fraud!
I didn't sell
any leggings!
All my sales receipts
were made up! [ Sobs ]
Oh, wow, we should've
done that.
I just wanted to
prove you all wrong,
show you I could make
good decisions.
I ruined this family!
And I robbed a bank!
Cool.
[ Sobbing ]
Put me out of my misery!
Kill me!
Cut off my head
and don't call an ambulance!
Core team, huddle up.
[ Whispering indistinctly ]
Sorry, Jeff, that's not going
to be possible right now.
You made some bad decisions,
but we all did.
This is not your fault.
It's not really
any of our faults.
What do you mean?
I don't know.
No, you're right,
it's not our faults.
I'll tell you whose fault it
is -- multi-level marketing!
Yeah, they lure you in
with big promises
and self-improvement jargon,
and then they suck you dry.
Who sucks you dry?
They prey on suckers!
Like us.
And the only way to get
out of it
is to find
an even bigger sucker.
Ding-dang! 80% margins?
I feel like a thief!
Now you sure you want to sell me
all these gorgeous leggings?
I mean, they're gorgeous!
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Yep.
Yes.
-Definitely.
-Please take them.
Money's been tight lately.
Ma moved in.
She's sick.
The medical bills
are crippling what with
the dialysis every day.
Don't ask.
But with this new
revenue stream,
our prayers
have been answered!
God, I'm so happy
I could sing!
♪ It's goin' down ♪
♪ I'm yellin' timber! ♪
I'd like to propose a toast.
Thanks for letting me
order the "sal-man."
Not really a toast,
but I'll drink to it.
Here. Have half
my sandwich.
Thanks, Babe.
You know, I guess I have made
one really good decision.
My wife!
Aww.
Have a great night!